Add simple bucket submodule (#35)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-cloud-storage: modules/simple_bucket/README.md

# Terraform Google Cloud Storage Module

This module makes it easy to create a GCS bucket, and assign basic permissions on it to arbitrary users.

The resources/services/activations/deletions that this module will create/trigger are:

> - One GCS buckets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One GCS buckets
```

> - Zero or more IAM bindings for those buckets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Zero or more IAM bindings for that bucket
```

## Compatibility

 This module is meant for use with Terraform 0.12. If you haven't [upgraded](https://www.terraform.io/upgrade-guides/0-12.html)

>   and need a Terraform 0.11.x-compatible version of this module, the last released version intended for

Reviewer: There's no version of this module for TF 0.11. Could probably drop this whole section.

| force\_destroy | When deleting a bucket, this boolean option will delete all contained objects. If you try to delete a bucket that contains objects, Terraform will fail that run. | bool | `"false"` | no |
| iam\_members | The list of IAM members to grant permissions on the bucket. | object | `<list>` | no |
| labels | A set of key/value label pairs to assign to the bucket. | map(string) | `"null"` | no |
| location | The location of the bucket. | string | n/a | yes |
| name | The name of the bucket. | string | n/a | yes |
| project\_id | The ID of the project in which the resource belongs. | string | n/a | yes |
| retention\_policy | Configuration of the bucket's data retention policy for how long objects in the bucket should be retained. | object | `"null"` | no |
| storage\_class | The Storage Class of the new bucket. | string | `"null"` | no |
| versioning | While set to true, versioning is fully enabled for this bucket. | bool | `"true"` | no |

<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## Requirements

These sections describe requirements for using this module.

### Software

The following dependencies must be available:

- [Terraform][terraform] v0.12

>   - For Terraform v0.11 see the [Compatibility](#compatibility) section above

Reviewer: Remove.
